you
hey I'm Jake Strassburger i'm the
product manager here at atomic skis we
had a surprise visit from Steiger TV and
the ski profit today we're right amidst
unwrapping and unveiling to ourselves
all of the new product for 1314 got a
few pallets that we've gotten through
you could see some of the skis behind me
we're going to unwrap them and show you
guys a few of the really strong products
that we have so new from atomic one of
the great new key stories for us for
next year on the ski side is our new
Nomad skis so all new Nomad skis from
the ground up featuring our arc
technology now these schemes have been
completely re-engineered new corporal
file new side cut profiles new rocker
profiles and really like I said art
technology really driving what's going
on behind these skis you can see here in
this demo tool that really highlights
the new technology lots of stuff going
on the ski I'm going to save some of the
juicy details for later when we really
dive into the products but just as a
little sneak peek you guys can see here
that there's a lot going on one of the
finished products not to leave you
hanging too much is the black ITI with
an 81 millimeter waist now remember
these are all new Nomad skis new
constructions and that all new arc
technology which is going to make for a
really smooth natural ride thank you
guys are going to love this stuff you
can see the new real technical kind of
appeal and graphic on these things
really excited to get these guys out on
the skis on hill and hope you have a
blast on them in the year to come
another one of our key stories for next
year is our Park skis we've got a new
ski called the infamous which is really
driven on style we've got a whole squad
of some of our free ski athletes really
driving that product you might have seen
some sneak peeks already the infamous is
going to be a hot new ski for us
additionally our performance parts
either Punk's is completely
reconstructed with park rocker parkside
cut and all new step down side walls so
super durable another great story and
skis from us on the park side of things
we talked about ski boots we have
another great new concept the waymaker
boots about a couple things first and
foremost about a great fit atomix become
renowned for having great first fit and
awesome appeal for customers all over
the place our new waymaker concept
really addresses that first we want to
make sure that these boots fit great
secondly all of the waymaker products
have our new free lock system so really
enables a lot of range of motion and a
great ski ability so when you flip that
down you're locked hard and solid metal
on metal to really drive the front of
the ski and offer a high level of
performance you can see the two models i
have here have full carbon spine so
they're really performance inspired
there's another concept that we're going
to have that's going to be more
commercial great for everyday skiers the
two models i have here are really
pointed at the high end experts you can
see that interchangeable souls we have
din and a tech insert sold which are
interchangeable on these two models and
the one on my left hand here the
waymaker tour full pebax construction
really lightweight all new intuition
liner wire bail buckles about seventeen
hundred and fifty grams so really
lightweight we're super excited about
our new way maker platform and hope you
guys get out and check those out to hand
these back over we're really excited
these guys came by today it was a
surprise to see him on their way back to
Jackson but we're really looking forward
to working with them at the show's to
come and giving you guys more
information on the products to come for
you